	Regulation of adeno-associated virus DNA replication by the cellular TAF-I/set complex.
	Identification of heterogeneity among soft tissue sarcomas by gene expression profiles from different tumors.
	Silencing of IFN-stimulated gene transcription is regulated by histone H1 and its chaperone TAF-I.
	Sperm chromatin decondensation by template activating factor I through direct interaction with basic proteins.
	Effect of leucine-to-methionine substitutions on the diffraction quality of histone chaperone SET/TAF-Ibeta/INHAT crystals.
	PP32 and SET/TAF-Iβ proteins regulate the acetylation of newly synthesized histone H4.
	Low-Rank Representation of Head Impact Kinematics: A Data-Driven Emulator.
	The evolutionary origin of Bayesian heuristics and finite memory.
	Template activating factor-I epigenetically regulates the TERT transcription in human cancer cells.
	Cellular and viral chromatin proteins are positive factors in the regulation of adenovirus gene expression.
	A role for the nucleosome assembly proteins TAF-Iβ and NAP1 in the activation of BZLF1 expression and Epstein-Barr virus reactivation.
	Understanding evolutionary potential in virtual CPU instruction set architectures.
	PP2A is activated by cytochrome <i>c</i> upon formation of a diffuse encounter complex with SET/TAF-Iβ.
	Instruction consisting of a rule and set of examples and nonexamples reliably teaches concepts.
	Function of HP1BP3 as a linker histone is regulated by linker histone chaperones, NPM1 and TAF-I.
	PREDICTOR: A Physical emulatoR enabling safEty anD ergonomICs evaluation and Training of physical human-rObot collaboRation
	Soft-core processor integration based on different instruction set architectures and field programmable gate array custom datapath implementation.
	A Method for Visualization of Incoming Adenovirus Chromatin Complexes in Fixed and Living Cells.
	Assembly and disassembly of nucleosome core particles containing histone variants by human nucleosome assembly protein I.
	NeuroLab: A Set of Graphical Computer Simulations to Support Neuroscience Instruction at the High School and Undergraduate Level.
