	Evaluating an Advance Care Planning Curriculum: a Lecture, a Game, a Patient, and an Essay.
	Implementation of a Curriculum-Integrated Computer Game for Introducing Scientific Argumentation.
	Association of Participation in an End-of-Life Conversation Game With Advance Care Planning Behavior and Perspectives Among African American Individuals.
	Advance Care Planning in Dialysis Patients With a Conversation Game
	Design and implementation of a Serious Game on neurorehabilitation: Data on modifications of functionalities along implementation releases.
	The CFIR Card Game: a new approach for working with implementation teams to identify challenges and strategies.
	Low-Rank Representation of Head Impact Kinematics: A Data-Driven Emulator.
	The International Pharmacy Game: A Comparison of Implementation in Seven Universities World-Wide.
	A Digital Serious Game (Anticip’action) to Support Advance Care Planning Discussions in the General Population: Usability Study
	Development of a theory-based video-game intervention to increase advance care planning conversations by healthcare providers.
	Development of Drug Release Model for Suspensions in ESCAR (Emulator of SubCutaneous Absorption and Release).
	Using a Video Game Intervention to Increase Hospitalists' Advance Care Planning Conversations with Older Adults: a Stepped Wedge Randomized Clinical Trial.
	Collaborating with health economists to advance implementation science: a qualitative study.
	Brian2Loihi: An emulator for the neuromorphic chip Loihi using the spiking neural network simulator Brian.
	Bayesian Sensitivity Analysis of a Cardiac Cell Model Using a Gaussian Process Emulator.
	Co-design and Development of Implementation Strategies: Enhancing the PAX Good Behaviour Game in Australian Schools.
	Stakeholder perspective on barrier to the implementation of Advance Care Planning in a traditionally paternalistic healthcare system.
	Factors Influencing the Implementation of Digital Advance Care Planning: Qualitative Interview Study.
	Using Implementation Science to Further the Adoption and Implementation of Advance Care Planning in Rural Primary Care.
	Deep learning based emulator for predicting voltage behaviour in lithium ion batteries.
