	Carboxypeptidase U (CPU, TAFIa, CPB2) in Thromboembolic Disease: What Do We Know Three Decades after Its Discovery?
	The crystal structure of thrombin-activable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI) provides the structural basis for its intrinsic activity and the short half-life of TAFIa.
	The roles of selected arginine and lysine residues of TAFI (Pro-CPU) in its activation to TAFIa by the thrombin-thrombomodulin complex.
	Investigation of cofactor activities of endothelial microparticle-thrombomodulin with liposomal surrogate.
	Activation of the Carboxypeptidase U (CPU, TAFIa, CPB2) System in Patients with SARS-CoV-2 Infection Could Contribute to COVID-19 Hypofibrinolytic State and Disease Severity Prognosis.
	ProCPU Is Expressed by (Primary) Human Monocytes and Macrophages and Expression Differs between States of Differentiation and Activation.
	Enhanced Production of ECM Proteins for Pharmaceutical Applications Using Mammalian Cells and Sodium Heparin Supplementation.
	A Genome-wide Study of Common and Rare Genetic Variants Associated with Circulating Thrombin Activatable Fibrinolysis Inhibitor.
	Sex-specific effect of CPB2 Ala147Thr but not Thr325Ile variants on the risk of venous thrombosis: A comprehensive meta-analysis.
	Robotic goalie with 3 ms reaction time at 4% CPU load using event-based dynamic vision sensor.
	Carboxypeptidase B2 and N play different roles in regulation of activated complements C3a and C5a in mice.
	Carboxypeptidase B2 deficiency reveals opposite effects of complement C3a and C5a in a murine polymicrobial sepsis model.
	In vivo regulation of plasminogen function by plasma carboxypeptidase B.
	Evidence for natural horizontal transfer of the pcpB gene in the evolution of polychlorophenol-degrading sphingomonads.
	Personal Cold Protection Behaviour and Its Associated Factors in 2016/17 Cold Days in Hong Kong: A Two-Year Cohort Telephone Survey Study.
	The Catalytic Product of Pentachlorophenol 4-Monooxygenase is Tetra-chlorohydroquinone rather than Tetrachlorobenzoquinone.
	Organization and regulation of pentachlorophenol-degrading genes in Sphingobium chlorophenolicum ATCC 39723.
	Network topology-directed design of molecular CPU for cell-like dynamic information processing.
	Identification of heparin interaction sites on thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor that modulate plasmin-mediated activation, thermal stability, and antifibrinolytic potential.
	Multi-core CPU or GPU-accelerated Multiscale Modeling for Biomolecular Complexes.
