	A study of interactive robot architecture through the practical implementation of conversational android.
	Android malware detection using hybrid ANFIS architecture with low computational cost convolutional layers
	Controlled trial of balance training using a video game console in community-dwelling older adults.
	User snowball effect: word-of-mouth communication mechanism on console games.
	PermQRDroid: Android malware detection with novel attention layered mini-ResNet architecture over effective permission information image.
	<i>RehaBEElitation</i>: the architecture and organization of a serious game to evaluate motor signs in Parkinson's disease.
	Shortcomings of human-in-the-loop optimization of an ankle-foot prosthesis emulator: a case series.
	Low-Rank Representation of Head Impact Kinematics: A Data-Driven Emulator.
	Research on the brand image of iOS and Android smart phone operating systems based on mixed methods
	Development of a Serious Game to Simulate Neonatal Intensive Care Unit Experiences: Collaborative Quasi-Experimental Study.
	Development of Drug Release Model for Suspensions in ESCAR (Emulator of SubCutaneous Absorption and Release).
	Investigating the Usability and Acute Effects of a Bedside Video Console to Prefrontal Cortical Activity Alterations: A Preclinical Study in Healthy Elderly.
	Brian2Loihi: An emulator for the neuromorphic chip Loihi using the spiking neural network simulator Brian.
	Bayesian Sensitivity Analysis of a Cardiac Cell Model Using a Gaussian Process Emulator.
	ISAnWin: inductive generalized zero-shot learning using deep CNN for malware detection across windows and android platforms.
	Android malware analysis in a nutshell.
	Deep learning based emulator for predicting voltage behaviour in lithium ion batteries.
	Data on Vulnerability Detection in Android.
	A High-Performance and Cost-Effective Field Programmable Gate Array-Based Motor Drive Emulator
	The effects of ankle stiffness on mechanics and energetics of walking with added loads: a prosthetic emulator study.
