Intellectual Property - Play Console Help Skip to main content Play Console HelpSign inGoogle Help Help Center Play Console Help Policy Center Community Play Console Privacy Policy Terms of Service Submit feedback Send feedback on...This help content & informationGeneral Help Center experienceNext Help Center Community Announcements Play Console Notification You can now request help from the Help page in your Play Console account. If you don't have access to Play Console, ask your account admin for an invite. Intellectual Property We don’t allow apps or developer accounts that infringe on the intellectual property rights of others (including trademark, copyright, patent, trade secret, and other proprietary rights). We also don’t allow apps that encourage or induce infringement of intellectual property rights. We will respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement. For more information or to file a DMCA request, please visit our copyright procedures. To submit a complaint regarding the sale or promotion for sale of counterfeit goods within an app, please submit a counterfeit notice. If you are a trademark owner and you believe there is an app on Google Play that infringes on your trademark rights, we encourage you to reach out to the developer directly to resolve your concern. If you are unable to reach a resolution with the developer, please submit a trademark complaint through this form. If you have written documentation proving that you have permission to use a third party's intellectual property in your app or store listing (such as brand names, logos and graphic assets), contact the Google Play team in advance of your submission to ensure that your app is not rejected for an intellectual property violation. COLLAPSE ALL EXPAND ALL Unauthorized Use of Copyrighted Content We don’t allow apps that infringe copyright. Modifying copyrighted content may still lead to a violation. Developers may be required to provide evidence of their rights to use copyrighted content. Please be careful when using copyrighted content to demonstrate the functionality of your app. In general, the safest approach is to create something that’s original. Examples of common violations Cover art for music albums, video games, and books. Marketing images from movies, television, or video games. Artwork or images from comic books, cartoons, movies, music videos, or television. College and professional sports team logos. Photos taken from a public figure’s social media account. Professional images of public figures. Reproductions or “fan art” indistinguishable from the original work under copyright. Apps that have soundboards that play audio clips from copyrighted content. Full reproductions or translations of books that are not in the public domain. Encouraging Infringement of Copyright We don’t allow apps that induce or encourage copyright infringement. Before you publish your app, look for ways your app may be encouraging copyright infringement and get legal advice if necessary. Examples of common violations Streaming apps that allow users to download a local copy of copyrighted content without authorization. Apps that encourage users to stream and download copyrighted works, including music and video, in violation of applicable copyright law: ① The description in this app listing encourages users to download copyrighted content without authorization. ② The screenshot in the app listing encourages users to download copyrighted content without authorization. Trademark Infringement We don’t allow apps that infringe on others’ trademarks. A trademark is a word, symbol, or combination that identifies the source of a good or service. Once acquired, a trademark gives the owner exclusive rights to the trademark usage with respect to certain goods or services. Trademark infringement is improper or unauthorized use of an identical or similar trademark in a way that is likely to cause confusion as to the source of that product. If your app uses another party’s trademarks in a way that is likely to cause confusion, your app may be suspended. Counterfeit We don't allow apps that sell or promote for sale counterfeit goods. Counterfeit goods contain a trademark or logo that is identical to or substantially indistinguishable from the trademark of another. They mimic the brand features of the product in an attempt to pass themselves off as a genuine product of the brand owner. Was this helpful? How can we improve it?YesNoSubmit Need more help? Try these next steps: Post to the help community Get answers from community members Contact us Tell us more and we’ll help you get there true ©2026 Google Privacy Policy Terms of Service Language Afrikaans‎català‎dansk‎Deutsch‎eesti‎English (United Kingdom)‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎Filipino‎français‎français (Canada)‎Gaeilge‎hrvatski‎Indonesia‎isiZulu‎italiano‎Kiswahili‎latviešu‎lietuvių‎magyar‎Malti‎Melayu‎Nederlands‎norsk‎polski‎português‎português (Brasil)‎română‎slovenčina‎slovenščina‎suomi‎svenska‎Tiếng Việt‎Türkçe‎čeština‎Ελληνικά‎български‎русский‎српски‎українська‎‏עברית‏اردو‏العربيةहिन्दी‎தமிழ்‎ಕನ್ನಡ‎ไทย‎አማርኛ‎中文（简体）‎中文（繁體）‎中文（香港）‎日本語‎한국어‎ English‎ Enable Dark Mode Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience SearchClear searchClose searchGoogle appsMain menu 8891972982345485594 true Search Help Center false true true true true true 92637 false false false false false